a new album to Madonna "Ray of light" comming out soon!!! the singer/songwriter/preformer calls it her best album... bla... bla...
a new ditressful sign of a phenomenon called "HIKIKOMORI" (socialized isolation of young people) it is estimated that over 400,000 young people in the country is suffering from it... experts are searching for a treatment for this dissterssful new disorder... bla... bla...
the government diclared a new tax cut for the rich... bla... bla...
google market share is up by 150 persent analists say the the new high tech company has a... bla... bla....
experts warn from up comming Y2K BUG as a catastropy and call for a greater effort in... bla... bla...
the actor Lionardo Di-Caprio will appear in a new drama movie along with the acressess... bla... bla...
MICRSOFT CEO Bill Gates is the richest man in history acording to the top 100 richest people of TIME magazine... his fortune is astimated at 100 ZILLION US DOLLARS... bla bla...
the new gamming console PLAYSTATION 3 is comming out this fall... bla... bla...
the ISRAELI PM has crowned himself to the new king of israel with the support of the army and right wing orthodox rabbies who declare him to be the Messiah all opposition and all parlament's members have been arrested political activists flee the country as the militry is killing oposition members and shooting at protesters at list 45 protesters shoot to death at the streets of tel aviv... bla... bla...
according to unofficial pentagon sourcess a UFO  was seen landing at the white house roof where a council of top officials met secretly with a group of alians... bla... bla...
the popolar tv series "the x-files" is schedual to end next seison and fans are protesting outside... bla... bla...
the actor jerry sinfeld was seen leaving a gay bar in los angeles according to the magazine "tmz"... bla... bla...
a new poplar elected government is russia declares it plans to kill all tobocoo smokers and homosexuals and ligallaize heroin... bla... bla...
north korea leader claim his contery must achive nuclear wepons in order to secure world peace... bla... bla...
experts claim in a new reserch that they found a cure to schizophrenia a serious mentall dessise the cure is rat poison and since it kills all petiances it sure cures all illnessess... bla.. bla...
